Suppressed spurious min/max warnings in cube() internal structure-seeding eval() (#7110)
Rdatatable/data.table: NEWS.md

17. A data.table with a column of class `vctrs_list_of` (from package {vctrs}) prints as expected, [#5948](https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table/issues/5948). Before, they could be printed messily, e.g. printing every entry in a nested data.frame. Thanks @jesse-smith for the report, @DavisVaughan and @r2evans for contributing, and @MichaelChirico for the PR.

> 18. `cube()`, `rollup()`, and `groupingsets()` no longer produce a spurious warning when using `min()` or `max()` as aggregations, [#6964](https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table/issues/6964). Thanks @ferenci-tamas for the report and @venom1204 for the fix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
18. Spurious warnings from internal code in `cube()`, `rollup()`, and `groupingsets()` are no longer surfaced to the caller, [#6964](https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table/issues/6964). Thanks @ferenci-tamas for the report and @venom1204 for the fix.
```
